where once they played and dreamed
children now carry water in any
container they can find when they can
find
it I carry a heavy load and I'm not used
to carrying heavy things I'm 11 years
old I'm too little I walk a long
distance from the tents to get water I
do several trips back and forth and I
get drenched as I walk in the sun clean
water is a precious resource in Gaza but
water stations like this one have run
dry
some are Switched Off for days or weeks
at a time so there is never enough water
to go around and that means children
have to walk longer distances to find a
top that's
working my name is Huda we have been
displaced to De Al Bala we are having
difficulties with water sometimes we
find it sometimes we don't no one helps
me carry the bucket to the tent fetching
water exhausts me we queue in the Sun
and my head starts
a tanker brings clean drinking water
here once a day it's nowhere near enough
though some people get water most do
not all we have are these children and
they're shouldering the responsibility
they have to fetch water and do the
laundry and wash after that they go to
the Sea which is up to 5 km by foot just
to get a little water I swear the other
day we had to walk to fetch sea water to
drink International charity oxfarm says
Israel has been systematically
weaponizing water against Palestinians
in Gaza showing disregard for human life
and international law the results of
that weaponization are clear everywhere
you
look
Altin make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
zero